Haskell
=======

These are my scatter brain notes while I teach myself Haskell.  I'm pinning this
repo and updating every day I work on it to try and keep myself honest.

REPL
----

`ghci` is the repl

Set a "nicer" prompt with `:set prompt "> "`

`:l file` to load a file (no need for the `.hs` extension)

`:r` to reload any files loaded with `:l`

`:let` to define a name

`:t` to see the type of something


Log
---

### Feb 11, 2018

Further looked into if I should continue on with LYAH and
decided I'm going to.  The major complaint is that it really just introduces you
to a lot of syntax and doesn't teach you how to build an actual program.  Also
that it has no examples.  This is actually working just fine for me since I'm
rather obsessed with syntax and like to learn as much of it as I can.  Whenever
tutorials tell me "don't worry about what this means for now," I hate that!  As
for the lack of exercises, I've been able to find some elsewhere as I go.  I'm
going to work through LYAH then move onto Chris Allen's book.

At the same time, I find myself constantly looking elsewhere as I read for
clarification.  This hasn't actually bothered me too much, though.

## Feb 9, 2018

Watched [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DebDaiYev2M) video.  Started on
the types chapter, otherwise, just played around with list comprehensions on the
repl.  Not a super productive session as I didn't have a lot of time.


## Feb 8, 2018

ecided to keep going through LAYH good anyway, but going to be aware of the the
points pointed out int
[this](http://bitemyapp.com/posts/2014-12-31-functional-education.html) blog
post.  I would like to at least finish the second chapter on types and maybe go
on to the next chapter on functions.  Basically I might want to stop when it
starts talking about foreign concepts?  Currying is not a foreign concept but
mondois and monads are.  All I know is that they are a way of dealing with state


### Feb 6, 2018

fter re-watching a Chris Allan video I'd watched a couple of years ago and
reading some of his stuff, I found out that he doesn't recommend LYAH for
reasons that seem legit.  I started to read through the cis194 class.  I also
learned I shouldn't use haskell platform and instead use stack.  I think
homebrew just installs stack when you `brew install haskell-platform` anyway...
I'll have to check on that.


## Feb 5, 2018

tarted pretty late and made it mostly through list comprehensions in the
Starting Out chapter of LYAH.
